Google APIs: fix link and add instructions for how to enable APIs (#5783)
flutter/website: src/docs/development/data-and-backend/google-apis.md

To use Google APIs, follow these steps.

1. Pick the desired API
1. Enable the API
1. Authenticate user with the required scopes
1. Obtain an authenticated HTTP client
1. Create and use the desired API class

## 1. Pick the desired API

> The documentation for [package:googleapis](https://pub.dev/packages/googleapis)

Author: not sure how we missed this! 😟

import 'package:googleapis/youtube/v3.dart';
```

## 2. Enable the API

To use Google APIs you must have a Google account and a Google project. You also
need to enable your desired API.

In this example, you'd enable
[YouTube Data API v3](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/youtube.googleapis.com).

> Follow the
> [getting started instructions](https://cloud.google.com/apis/docs/getting-started)
> to learn more.

Reviewer: Are we following instructions or just learning? Maybe:

```suggestion
For details, see the
[getting started instructions](https://cloud.google.com/apis/docs/getting-started).
```

Author: Following instructions. Just didn't want to duplicate a bunch of content that may evolve.

  playlistId: 'LL', // Liked List
);
```

## More information

- The

>   [`extension_google_sign_in_as_googleapis_auth` example](https://pub.dev/packages/extension_google_sign_in_as_googleapis_auth/example)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [`extension_google_sign_in_as_googleapis_auth` example]({{site.pub-pkg}}/extension_google_sign_in_as_googleapis_auth/example)
```
